---
layout: post
title: Week of 29 Aug - 4 Sep
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Well for starters, I went to class, did the reading, started on the first project! In class we went over what we needed to do to get started on the collatz project, and the difference between ++i and i++. It might seem simple, but I actually learned some interesting things in class that day!

## What Is In My Way?

I think what is my way is pretty much the same things that were in my way the week before. I still need to get used to using C++; I still need to get used to using all of the programs for our projects like Docker and Travis CI.

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Finish the project hopefully since it is due next week! Also do the reading and go to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

I was pretty worried about this class the first week, but I think I have gotten more into the swing of things now. I think after taking a class like CS439, I was expecting the programming projects to be just as intensive, but now I'm starting to realize that is not the case. Downing is a good lecturer, and the cold calling helps you stay focused on what he is talking about. The way he explains things makes sense and the class is overall engaging. I'm enjoying it!

## Tip of the Week

If you need some coding questions to work on for technical interviews, I would look at the book _The Coding Interview_. Not only does it have a lot of coding questions (they are practically half the book), but it also has what you can expect from a interview with Google, Facebook, Amazon, Apple, etc.
