---
layout: post
title: Week of 17 Apr - 23 Apr
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. I also finished the last OOP project with my partner. We finished it on time, and overall it was not too hard. We had some problems with possible and actual leaking of memory, but we got everything figured out.

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. Now that we are done with all of the projects, I need to start studying for the final exam, but I havent started yet due to assignments in other classes. Right now, I have a Graphics project that I am a lot more worried about than the OOP exam. I may end up putting OOP on the backburner for a couple of days, even though I don't want to. 

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Hopefully studying for the final exam, but given my track record, I don't know how likely that is. I will definitely be giving more attention to my Graphics project. I will also be reading the material and going to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects were not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I do feel overwhelmed sometimes. C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. All I need to do is study for the exam and I am done! The end is near.

## Tip of the Week

An interesting article talking about the current state of the game industry: <https://www.developer-tech.com/news/2017/apr/21/research-state-video-game-industry-2017/>
