---
layout: post
title: Week of 20 Mar - 26 Mar
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. I also finished the current OOP project with my new partner! We finished in time, and I think we did a good job on project overall. It was a good experience working with her!

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. I was able to catch up this Spring Break on my other classes, so now i just need to focus on staying ahead in my classes. 

## What Will I Do Next Week?

To be honest, I will be focusing on my other classes next week because I have two exams and a Graphics project coming up. I will hopefully be starting on the next project as well with my next partner!

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I'm learning C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. My experience working with my partner on the last project was also very good! She was a hard worker, and if one of us was not sure about something, the other helped out. With my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week

This was an interesting article about making the world more autonomous: <http://sdtimes.com/making-world-autonomous/>
