---
layout: post
title: Week of 27 Mar - 2 Apr
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. I also started a bit on the current OOP project with my new partner! I wish I could say that we have worked on it more than we did, but the rest of my classes are eating up all of my time...

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. Two of my other classes had exams, one right after the other, and the current project in Graphics is a doozy. I don't think I will be able to finish it in time. So sadly, I was not able to give as much attention to OOP as a I should have. I will also be busy this weekend, so that won't help either...

## What Will I Do Next Week?

I will be working on both Graphics and OOP projects simultaneously while also trying to balance work in my other classes. We will see if I survive! I will also be reading the material and going to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I do feel overwhelmed sometimes. I'm learning C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. My experience working with my current partner on the current project has been good so far! We will just have to see if we can finish this project in time. With my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week

This is an interesting article about the lack of cybersecurity that our infrastructure has <http://sdtimes.com/mit-experts-warn-trump-administration-cybersecurity-issues/>
