---
layout: post
title: Week of 24 Apr - 30 Apr
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. To be honest, I haven't really been focusing on OOP this week. I plan to start studying for the final exam this weekend, but I used up most of my time this week working on my Graphics project.

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. Since the exam is next week, I definitely need to begin studying for it, but I havent started yet due to assignments in other classes. I have a Graphics project that is also due next week. Thankfully, I have taken a big chunk out of it this week, so I can start studying for the exam next week. Another problem is that all of my classes decided to not have a final, so I have 3 final exams and a final project due next week.

## What Will I Do Next Week?

 Definitely studying for all of my exams. I will also be going to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I enjoyed it. The projects were not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I do feel overwhelmed sometimes. C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. All I need to do is study for the exam and I am done! The end is near.

## Tip of the Week

An interesting article talking about the vulkan API (the API I'm using for my graphics project!): <https://www.developer-tech.com/news/2017/feb/14/vulkan-graphics-api-now-supported-intel-chips/>
