---
layout: post
title: Week of 20 Feb - 26 Feb
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Mostly worked on projects in other classes and studied for exams in other classes. As for OOP, I went to class and did the readings. The most interesting thing we learned is how to implement classes which is very relevant to me for my Graphics class. 

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. My answer will probably be the same each week. I am behind in some of my classes, and in the rest of my classes I am cutting it close. I will need to start focusing on OOP again next week though since I have been putting it on the back burner.

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Study for OOP of course! I haven't started yet, and I was hoping to start this weekend, but we will see how that goes. Also do the reading and go to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I'm learning C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. It is interesting all the different ways we can turn runtime errors into compile erros. I am worried about the upcoming exam, since it will be online. Taking this exam will be an all new experience for me. But with my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week
Follow UTCS if you are on Facebook, Twitter, or Youtube! They have interesting and relevant articles, and useful announcements about events happening in the UTCS community.
