---
layout: post
title: Week of 10 Apr - 16 Apr
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. I also started on the last OOP project with my partner. It actually seems ridiculously easy, so we are worried that we are doing something wrong. We have only worked on it for about 4 hours and we already have all of the HackerRank tests passing. I guess we will see next week if the project is as easy as it seems.

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. I am doing a lot better this week than I have in a while, but I still feel like I could use more time. My classes are in a lull right now, and I need to use this time to get as ahead as I can. It also helps that this current project seems really easy.

## What Will I Do Next Week?

I will be likely finishing the last project with my new partner! I would like to start reviewing for the final exam that is coming up so that it does not sneek up on me. I will also be reading the material and going to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I do feel overwhelmed sometimes. C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. This last project seems to be pretty easy, but it is also interesting. With my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week

If you are interested in Graphics, you should think about using the API Vulkan rather than OpenGL. I plan on using it for my final project in CS354. It is meant to be a new and better version than OpenGL, and I already can tell that it is better.
