---
layout: post
title:Week of 5 Mar - 12 Mar
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. I also started on the next OOP project with my new partner! Im glad about that so hopefully next week we get back from Spring Break won't be a mad rush to finish this project.

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. I think I am doing much better than I was in the last couple of weeks though, so that is a plus. I am hoping to use this Spring Break to completely catch up on the rest of my studies. 

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Enjoy my Spring Break of course! I am also hoping to do a little bit of work on the project over Spring Break. But as for the next week we get back, I plan on finishing the project with my partner on time and stay ahead in OOP as well as in the rest of my classes. Also do the reading and go to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I'm learning C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. My experience working with my current partner for the project has also been good. She is a hard worker, and if one of us is not sure about something, the other can help. I am looking forward to finishing the rest of the project with her. With my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week

This was an interesting article about an open-sourced programming language that Google created <http://sdtimes.com/report-go-programming-language-attracting-attention/>
