---
layout: post
title: Week of 16 Jan - 22 Jan
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

It has been a busy week! I tried to take this class last semester but ended up dropping it to lighten my workload, so I already have Docker setup. I put a book cover on our textbook (i don't care for the platypus) and reviewed the readings (Hopefully the information sank in!)

## What Is In My Way?

I don't think there is a lot in my way at the moment. Having tried to take this class previously, I feel more prepared. It will likely get more difficult in the future, but for right now, it feels like smooth sailing. :) I still need more experience with C++ which I will also get with the Graphics class I am also currently taking! So I will be getting a double dose of C++ this semester!

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Probably begin working on the first project! Also doing the reading and preparing for the quizzes every class...I probably need to work on learning C++ as well

## Class Experience So Far

Seems similar to the first time I took the class, but I do appreciate the small changes that Downing made compared to last semester! Downing seems to put a lot of thought and effort into the class, and I appreciate that. For example, last semester the quizzes wouldn't be dropped if you didn't attend class, but this semester he changed it. He also seems to be willing to take student input and use it to make the class better. I am also taking notes this semester, and if anyone is reading this, I suggest you take notes as well. Downing uploads what he writes in class to Piazza, but it is hard to remember what exactly he was talking about at that point in time if you don't take your own notes.

## Tip of the Week

This is a pretty lame tip but make sure that you put your resume on Piazza! Companies are constantly searching on there for interns and the pool there isn't as big as it is on LinkedIn
