---
layout: post
title: Week of 27 Feb - 4 Mar
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

I studied for the first exam we had! Other than that, I didn't do very much for OOP. And I also didn't do much studying overall. Hopefully next week I will do more for this class.

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. My answer will probably be the same each week. I am behind in some of my classes, and in the rest of my classes I am cutting it close. I was definitely cutting it close with my studying for the exam; I only got to study for a maybe 5 hours.

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Hopefully begin working on the next project! We haven't gotten any information for it in class, but I'm expecting Downing to go over over it in class this coming week. Also do the reading and go to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I'm learning C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I was worried about the exam, but it didn't seem too difficult. I had heard from people who took the class last semester that it was going to be just coding, so I was worried about how coding on Canvas was going to turn out. But thankfully the exam was all multiple choice. Now that I took the first exam, I know how I need to study and prepare for the next exam. And with my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week

If you are interested in quantum computers, this would be an interesting article to check out! <http://www.trendintech.com/2017/01/31/d-waves-quantum-software-goes-open-source-now-anyone-can-develop-programs-for-quantum-computers/>
