---
layout: post
title: Week of 3 Apr - 9 Apr
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Did the reading and went to class of course. I also finished the last OOP project with my partner! We were having some trouble getting it to pass the last test, but it turned out we were doing some superfluous stuff and getting rid of that fixed it! I think we did a pretty good job on it overall, and I am pretty proud of how we decided to abstract it. Because of this project though, I couldn't focus on my Graphics project like I wanted to, so I am behind on that.

## What Is In My Way?

Once again, it's time. I had to focus on the OOP project this week, and when I had time, I worked on my Graphics project. So I couldn't focus on my other classes like I should have...these last couple of weeks have been very stressful...

## What Will I Do Next Week?

I will be likely starting on the last project with my new partner! Hopefully next week will be less stressful because the Graphics project that I have been suffering over is due this coming Monday. I just want to be done with it. I will also be reading the material and going to class of course.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm still enjoying it. The projects are not too difficult or too easy, and I love learning about all the ins and outs of C++. I do feel overwhelmed sometimes. C++ is a very powerful and versatile language. I am also constantly surprised by how little I truly know about object-oriented coding. This class has been very helpful, not only for learning OOP in general, but also for the Graphics class I am also taking this semester. This last project was a bit harder than the last couple of projects, but my partner and I were able to finish it in time. I think trying to make sure that we did not code with any getters or setters was messing with our minds, but I think thinking about it also helped us come up with a better design than we would have otherwise. With my current experience of the class, I would highly recommend it to my underclassmen.

## Tip of the Week

This is an interesting article about developers using Amazon Alexa <http://sdtimes.com/amazon-alexa-features-let-developers-build-engaging-skills/>
