---
layout: post
title: Week of 6 Feb - 12 Feb
---

## What Did I Do This Week?

Finished the collatz project! Yay! The coding itself wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. My only complaint on this project would be how haphazard the instructions felt. New requirements kept popping up on Piazza, and it was like a stressful treasure hunt trying to make sure that I found all of them. On another note I also did the reading! I had actually read the Pair Programming #1 Paper in CS439, so the information wasn't anything new. The book isn't bad, and it's nice getting a concrete definition on what it means to do object oriented programming. In class we have been going over different nuances in C++ and OOP languages, which is actually interesting.

## What Is In My Way?

Time. I feel like I don't have enough time to do the work that I need to because I have more on my plate than I did in previous semesters. I am just going to have to deal with it. The only other thing would be that I still am not that comfortable with C++ especially with pointers and references, but I am doing a lot better than before.

## What Will I Do Next Week?

Hopefully start on the next project that will be due in a couple of weeks. Also manage my time better than I did this week. And of course do the reading and go to class.

## Class Experience So Far

Overall I'm enjoying it! I'm learning a lot and the lectures are very helpful! Piazza has also been very helpful since I was confused about a fair amount of things that we needed to do for the collatz project. The notes that I take during class are also very helpful to me with remembering what we have gone over.

## Tip of the Week

Don't forget to look at Piazza at least a couple of times a day and search through past questions! It was helpful regarding the project, and answered a bunch of my questions. And you never know when a post saying that a Quiz is availible for a limited time will pop up.
